what's up guys question I 30-7 era it's
going to be a real fast talk to you guys
about offering this pocket to the public
as well as why chose traditional over
mesh for the time being I'm sure it will
change once i get to college and we're
practicing every day mud whatnot but
until then i'm using traditional
basically i like traditional a lot more
because i want a versatile pocket one
that will shift wherever i have the ball
but I don't want a banana looking pocket
one of my sticks you know the big boat
looking ones where the pocket shifts
everywhere but you can't get too much
fuel or hole from that so i tried
traditional and for the past probably
month or so it's been working really
well for me once the letters are broken
in soft the bold move wherever you have
the ball or whatever you're cradling
should be going one-handed it'll sit
down low if you're going to hands to
right in the middle if you going I don't
know how you cradle with a high pocket
two-handed wind up let's go sit right
here right below the the tightest
tension point of the stick so you can
see minds about right there so that
gives you the versatile pocket you can
adjust the hold and the pocket death
ways your the mesh hold believe it or
not you just pull the outside leathers a
bit tighter it'll hug the ball a bit
better than for the pocket depth you
just pull the middle two letters so you
pull them tighter get a shallow pocket
or let them out a bit so you get a
deeper pocket string wise always
using nylon to straits that's just how I
do it because I feel like that gives you
the consistent released without having
to worry about too much hold too much
whipper nagging on the head with a
traditional you don't really need to use
in the stick because all you already
have all the hold you could want so
basically I'm stringing these for
customers now a lipo asked about and I'm
now releasing it in order to have one
strung by me please either email me
clutch for next 37 @ gmail.com or go to
mesa messed up big our telecom and use
the the check out box I guess whatever
to purchase the double color traditional
string once already see that you ordered
it I'll email your email or I'll email
you using the email you sent me to get
the pocket specs the colors and
everything you want and give you my
address to ship the head another option
you can have if you buy a head off like
lacks comlink and have it shipped
straight to my house
in which case I will string it for you
and then send it to you your address so
that's pretty much it guys this is what
you can order now a lot of people and
asked me about and I'm offering it I
really like the way they come out they
come out pretty cool looking especially
with white letters and two different
color strings it just looks really cool
really unique and traditional pocket
will hold the ball a bit better than
mesh if you're going off to college this
is definitely one of my highest
recommendations besides wax match just
because you get the the high shooting
strings up here right before the
four-inch rule and all the hole in the
whip in the world you want just by
simply pulling a leather or two so let's
say guys go check it out Mesa shower big
R telkom i'll post a link down below
again and email me if you have questions
or you want in a headstrong and you'd
rather send cash or check or whatever
yeah there's that